{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Following left to right:\
\
App Flow:\
\
Figure 1: Splash Screen\
Figure 2: Landing Page with START button\
Figure 3: User is asked to add his name and photo.			//One Time process\
Figure 4: Number verification screen.						// One Time process\
Figure 5: Verification Code screen 						// One Time process\
Figure 6: Landing Page\
Figure 7: After tapping on the text in (6). PRESET button slides down and key board pops out from below, \
\
Figure 8: After Typing the message in (7), user presses done on the keyboard and is prompted to Contacts screen (8). Here user can single or multiple contacts and can send the message.\
\
Figure 9: After pressing SEND on (8) POP UP appears as shown in (9). If the user presses OK. He is navigated to screen 6 in sliding fashion. REFER APP \'91SNAPCHAT\'92\
\
Figure 10: If user presses CONVERSATION BUTTON in (9). user is navigated to (10)\
\
Figure 11: This is the Conversation screen, which can be accessed rather via pressing contacts name in conversation or while replying via a custom message.\
\
Figure 12: This is how a user gets a notification of a message. User can press \'91YES\'92 or \'91NO\'92 to directly send Yes or NO message as a reply. By pressing CUSTOM button user can reply as a custom message as shown in (13).\
Please Note: User will not navigate to conversation screen after pressing custom. This will be send via single reply screen as shown in (13). from where pressing SEND Button on the keyboard directly send the message to the sender and POP us as shown in (14) appears.\
\
\
\
}